# Test Suite for Morse-Geodesic

This directory contains a suite of test cases to validate the functionality of the Morse-Geodesic interpolation code and provide examples of its use.

## Directory Contents

* **Input Files (`*.xyz`)**: These are multi-frame XYZ files containing reactant and product geometries for various chemical processes. Files that **do not** begin with the `morse_geodesic_` prefix are the inputs for the test script.
* **Output Files (`morse_geodesic_*.xyz`)**: These are the resulting interpolated paths generated by running the `morse_geodesic` script on the corresponding input files with default settings. They are provided for reference and comparison.
* **Log Files (`morse_geodesic_*.log`)**: These files capture the standard output and logging information generated during each test run, which can be useful for debugging or performance analysis.


## Test Cases Included

The test suite covers a range of chemical transformations, from small molecule isomerizations to large conformational changes in biomolecules:

* **`calcium_binding.xyz`**: From the original paper's test-suite.
* **`collagen.xyz`**: From the original paper's test-suite.
* **`DielsAlder.xyz`**: From the original paper's test-suite.
* **`H+CH4_CH3+H2.xyz`**: From the original paper's test-suite.
* **`TrpCage_unfold.xyz`**: From the original paper's test-suite.
* **`ethene_dehydrogenation.xyz`**: The dehydrogenation of ethene.
* **`HCN_to_HNC.xyz`**: The isomerization of hydrogen cyanide to hydrogen isocyanide.
* **`vinyl_alcohol_to_acetaldehyde.xyz`**: The tautomerization of vinyl alcohol to acetaldehyde.

## How to Run the Tests

You can run the entire test suite from within this directory using a single command. This will overwrite any existing output and log files.

1.  Navigate to the `tests` directory.
2.  Execute the `test_cmd` script:
    ```bash
    python ../cli.py calcium_binding.xyz morse_geodesic_path_calcium_binding.xyz &> morse_geodesic_calcium_binding.log
    python ../cli.py collagen.xyz morse_geodesic_path_collagen.xyz &> morse_geodesic_collagen.log
    python ../cli.py DielsAlder.xyz morse_geodesic_path_DielsAlder.xyz &> morse_geodesic_DielsAlder.log
    python ../cli.py H+CH4_CH3+H2.xyz morse_geodesic_path_H+CH4_CH3+H2.xyz &> morse_geodesic_H+CH4_CH3+H2.log
    python ../cli.py TrpCage_unfold.xyz morse_geodesic_path_TrpCage_unfold.xyz &> morse_geodesic_TrpCage_unfold.log
    python ../cli.py ethene_dehydrogenation.xyz morse_geodesic_path_ethene_dehydrogenation.xyz &> morse_geodesic_ethene_dehydrogenation.log
    python ../cli.py HCN_to_HNC.xyz morse_geodesic_path_HCN_to_HNC.xyz &> morse_geodesic_HCN_to_HNC.log
    python ../cli.py vinyl_alcohol_to_acetaldehyde.xyz morse_geodesic_path_vinyl_alcohol_to_acetaldehyde.xyz &> morse_geodesic_vinyl_alcohol_to_acetaldehyde.log
```

